good luck guys good luck the logo look
at those for 450 horse drug deals dumb
like rolling backwards down the hill
accidentally Oh scrub nice i SAT jumping
way better
oh no that's not going too well all
right
go by go I'm the one who said taking it
to you is going right way I crashed no
one has to do with when it comes to fear
right I suck whoo unnecessary I entry I
a tree nice Lisa four eyes yeah hey
Massimo lead who
Oh Devon
Oh
did you catch oh yeah I wanted myself oh
yeah oh yeah I can't see you do hope I
was right there yeah you babe
I got the wrong bike settings settings
for this by the way yeah yeah blame the
bike oh oh wait did I took you out the
snow got me I guess I'd you just my body
so bad like I just fell off wow he's so
fat
alright fuck i sent nameless we're just
gonna better way way back that's right
the race for third is real yeah commode
you in position
I think I see cigana the what they gonna
yeah while from late in by miles soham
Bailey why are you so good at peace like
a free right I eat breakfast at all day
yeah funny I've not done this truck and
go my god I got thank you I was just
slow first just lean back all the way
down
humans made some looks way you won the
huge step-up kill me yeah I guess oh do
that's the all right she's gonna tell
figure it out yeah I'm gonna take the
left side of this jump oh wait you'll
see how much time I game well I feel we
talked so I mean who's the real winner
here ah alright alright you got me there
how do you do that by the way ice come
on man what are you darling you're
you're such a nerd and then how do you
do at Aunt dude I ain't no frigging
freestyle it's about the trick modeler
and then I think it's left down right
like just spin your right stick in a
counterclockwise fuck oh wait I'll do it
right way don't you like what is he
doing I'm talking too much I don't know
but I'm I'm songs i guess um uplift
don't ya just roll your ok yeah I don't
even know where I start I just I just
flick it it works out memory
think I'm riding like a record pace of a
whole lot here they uploaded only half a
family
tago right yeah thank you all right i'm
at the finish line jump now already yep
outside doing at all no finish bathing
work oh I can I are actually on our
third laughs I don't know what you guys
are doing yeah EO possible he's eyes
alike walk 20 second guy rah well
actually know what's really matters is
that we tried really hard okay yeah you
can't love us no we just hey good job
guys maybe next time we'll be okay so
yeah Amos Amos finished 21 seconds
behind dearest oh the dot double back oh
it is the super-pan 360 with dog 30
seconds behind yeah for a five actually
Oh 45 that's worse but anyway I don't
care duck like 10 guys yeah one more
read more read on no I'm out of here
you